Updated docs for releasing Django. (#18141)
django/django: docs/internals/howto-release-django.txt

Reviewer: We may want in "Prerequisites"
- The GPG key needs to be uploaded to GitHub and Jenkins
- "Access to Django's project on PyPI" to be updated to some sort of admin/elavated permission so we can also yank releases (not sure the appropriate word here)
- "Access to post to ``django-announce``." maybe mention both the mailing list and the forum

Then for the before release "Check [Jenkins](https://djangoci.com/) is green", we may want to mention that this should have been run with the latest changes

Prerequisites
=============

You'll need a few things before getting started. If this is your first release,

> you'll need to coordinate with another releaser to get all these things lined
> up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you'll need to coordinate with another releaser, and write to the Ops mailing
list requesting the required access and permissions.
```
Up to you, I think it flows better to be in the same paragraph rather than have this in the admonition below, as I believe before "coordinate with another releaser" was supposed to cover this

.. admonition:: Access to servers and permissions

    For anything related to access to servers or permissions in sites, please
    write to the Ops mailing list requesting these.

* A Unix environment with these tools installed (in alphabetical order):

  * bash
  * git
  * GPG
  * make
  * man
  * hashing tools (typically ``md5sum``, ``sha1sum``, and ``sha256sum`` on
    Linux, or ``md5`` and ``shasum`` on macOS)
  * python
  * ssh

> * A GPG key pair. Please double check that the private part of this key is
>   securely stored. The public part needs to be uploaded to your GitHub account,
>   and also to the Jenkins server running the "confirm release" job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A GPG key pair. Ensure that the private part of this key is securely stored.
  The public part needs to be uploaded to your GitHub account, and also to the
  Jenkins server running the "confirm release" job.
```
Personal preference, you can ignore 👍

You'll need a few things before getting started:

* A Unix environment with the following tools installed (in alphabetical order):

  * bash
  * git
  * GPG
  * make
  * man

>   * hashing tools (``md5sum``, ``sha1sum``, ``sha256sum``)

Reviewer 2: The CLI tools on macOS are `md5` and `shasum` (the latter taking a `-a` option).

Perhaps... 

```suggestion
  * hashing tools (Typically ``md5sum``, ``sha1sum``, and ``sha256sum`` on Linux, or ``md5`` and ``shasum`` on macOS)
```

  * python
  * ssh

> * A GPG key. If the key you want to use is not your default signing key, you'll

Reviewer: Do we want to mention that this key needs to be uploaded to GitHub and in Jenkins?

       rest_hostname = https://rest.api.transifex.com
       token = # API token

* Access to the ``djangoproject.com`` server to upload files (using ``scp``).

* Access to the Django admin on ``djangoproject.com`` as a "Site maintainer".

> * Access to send emails to the following mailing lists and to create a post in
>   the `Django Forum - Announcements category
>   <https://forum.djangoproject.com/c/announcements/7>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access to create a post in the `Django Forum - Announcements category
  <https://forum.djangoproject.com/c/announcements/7>`_ and to send emails to
  the following mailing lists:
```
Think switching the order is nicer for listing the mailing lists

  * `django-users <https://groups.google.com/g/django-users/>`_
  * `django-developers <https://groups.google.com/g/django-developers/>`_
  * `django-announce <https://groups.google.com/g/django-announce/>`_

* Access to the ``django-security`` repo in GitHub. Among other things, this

>   provides access to the pre-notification distribution   list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  provides access to the pre-notification distribution list.
```
Also maybe we want to say "If this is a security release" 🤔 unsure if the "backup" releaser will always need this access but probably best for them to have this also (so maybe not required)

    $ git checkout -b stable/4.2.x origin/stable/4.1.x
    $ git push origin stable/4.2.x:stable/4.2.x

> Preparing for release

Author: I think this section title was adding confusion since the steps before this are also "preparing for release".

Actually rolling the release
============================

OK, this is the fun part, where we actually push out a release! If you're
issuing **multiple releases**, repeat these steps for each release.

#. Check `Jenkins`__ is green for the version(s) you're putting out. You
   probably shouldn't issue a release until it's green.

   __ https://djangoci.com

> #. Cleanup the release notes for this release. Make these changes in ``main``

Author: I moved this to an earlier step because since these changes should be done in `main` (and then backported), and considering that the following steps occur inside a stable branch, this helps the releaser flow by not require them to move back and forth between `main` and `stable` branches.

   and backport to all branches where the release notes for a particular
   version are located.

   #. For a feature release, remove the ``UNDER DEVELOPMENT`` header at the top
      of the release notes, remove the ``Expected`` prefix and update the
      release date, if necessary. Commit message:

      .. code-block:: text

>         Finalized release notes for Django 5.0.

Reviewer: What do you think about linking example commits? Maybe instead of or additionally to the example commit messages (I see that's what's done on other bullets)

   that the commit is a security fix and that an announcement will follow
   (:commit:`example security commit <bf39978a53f117ca02e9a0c78b76664a41a54745>`).

#. Update the version number in ``django/__init__.py`` for the release.
   Please see `notes on setting the VERSION tuple`_ below for details
   on ``VERSION``. Commit message should be similar to (set commit prefix
   according to the stable branch you are in):

   .. code-block:: text

        [5.0.x] Bumped version for 5.0.6 release.

>    #. If this is a pre-release package (`example commit for Alpha release

Author: I converted this to a subitem since both changes, when present, should be done in a single commit.

   You can check your work by running ``git tag --verify <tag>``.

> #. Push your work (``git push``) and also the new tag (``git push --tags``).

Author: It was not clear that "push your work" and "push the tags" were two separated commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Push your work and the new tag:

   .. code-block:: shell
        $ git push
        $ git push --tags
```

   ``Django-<version>.checksum.txt.asc`` which you can then verify using ``gpg
   --verify Django-<version>.checksum.txt.asc``.

> If you're issuing multiple releases, repeat these steps for each release.

Author: These short comments after a long enumeration are easily missed, so I moved it to the introductory section paragraph.

=============================================

Now you're ready to actually put the release out there. To do this:

> #. Upload the checksum file(s):

Author: I moved this to an earlier step because it can be done at any earlier point, even in the context of a security release (whilst uploading the binaries need to happen as close to the release time as possible).

   .. code-block:: shell

>        $ twine upload dist/*

Author: PyPI no longer supports uploading signatures. If uploaded, the following email is received:

```
[PyPI] Unsupported GPG signature uploaded to PyPI

What?
During your recent upload of Django to PyPI, we noticed you uploaded a GPG signature. However, support for GPG signatures has been removed from PyPI.

What should I do?
While uploads will continue to work, any signatures uploaded to PyPI will be discarded. It is recommended to no longer upload signatures to PyPI.
```
